# CS-255-System-Analysis-and-Design

  For the DriverPass project, the client was Liam, the owner, alongside his IT officer Ian. The wanted to create a web-based, cloud-hosted system to help students get prepared for their DMV driving tests that included online courses, practice tests, and have the ability to schedule driving sessions. The system also need to be able to track student progress, manage schedules for driving instructors as well as vehicles, and allow adminstrators to update DMV guidlines in addition to managing training packages. In my opinion one of my strengths was identifying nonfunctional and functional requirements, which helps makes sure the system works properly and is easy to use. I also put a lot of work into my UML diagrams, which helped visually show how the system would work and how the data would be organized. If I could improve on one area it would be making the training packages more customizable so that the administrators could fully create and modify packages without needing a developer. Currently they can only enable or disable, so they would still need a developer to add or modify the core logic of a new package. 
    When working on the design for the system, I focused on user needs specifically with helping to improve student success, making the system accessible across multiple devices as long as they had a browser and user security. I made sure to include progress tracking and instructor feedback so students could actually see their improvement. I also wanted to make sure to have role-based access control built in to the design so that administrators could have full control while still being able to protect sensitive student information. My overall approach to system design was to be as structured as possible. I started by collecting requirements, then tried to create detailed activity diagrams, sequence diagrams, and the class diagram to clearly map out everything before the development starts. This process helped me stay organized and helped make sure that the system met the goals of the business. In the future I plan to continue using this step by step process for system design to help make sure that every system I design will meet the needs of both the business and it's users. 
